[uxrce-dds]: add new parameter UXRCE_DDS_SYNCT (#2594)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/sim_gazebo_gz/README.md

However, `make px4_sitl gz_<model>_<world>` won't work with them.
:::

> ## PX4-Gazebo time synchronization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PX4-Gazebo Time Synchronization
```

> Differently from Gazebo Classic and jMAVSim simulators, PX4 and Gazebo do not implement a lockstep mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the Gazebo Classic and jMAVSim simulators, PX4 and Gazebo do not implement a lockstep mechanism.
```

During Gazebo simulations PX4 subscribes to the Gazebo `\clock` topic and uses it as clock source.

> This guarantees that PX4 will always wait for Gazebo before moving forward in time even if Gazebo is running with real time factors different from 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guarantees that PX4 will always wait for Gazebo before moving forward in time, even if Gazebo is running with real time factors different from 1.
```
